to start
like this I know a girl who likes it all
the system took the sign labor hunting
outfit mom fighting marks on the arm she
cut herself
Missy feeling like she got nobody but
herself just because a different man I
give some trash' her booty offer a few
minutes of lesson
hoping that the pain she feels the cake
the sets got a dick it could say in a
way the last word she had
baby daddy he did
so she makes up all cars just to fill
that erection and on top of that she
says super no protection cult is filling
her eyes why she realized they don't
care about her it was all lies and not
she running in place
she only know where to go trying to find
hope they trying to work
in their place
it's from a private opening song
direction
let me tell you about a baby day the
attic not a bit of shame for the drugs
reciting his Fanny thinks all the
trouble he has to he'll need though
trying to drown never wait before we
smoke cuz he need hope so we snips coke
so this now she's bleeding his lungs
show you see the son he has he wasn't
ready for he'd never met him before he
saw her ready for and the girl that he
once loved can't compare to the
substance they call drugs they told
shrugs for reason they drug him in the
hold and he can't get out all this old
sunny cold people trying to tell him
daddy needs help but he wasn't hearing
it walking towards death and now he's
running in place
they don't know where to go trying to
find hope
it's written in place you try to fill up
that space it's trying to run from the
crowds opening song
you're trying to fill up
before my high school track star still
facing hurdles
full of the souls of black people who
fought till oppressor turn to purple no
Dubois only dope boys cross school boys
to the powerful Willis Lang she found
for Eddie came a harness the house can
deal with you paying the mortgage in
pain he got a photographic memory cause
all these snapshots can make him snap
back to a time when he fitted
relationship caps bag is lined up she
fingered him like he didn't kiss him to
be bitter so when you do the twirl sweet
she win it
you let that right girl take her place
her smile jnanis I'll announce the
vacancies in her place he know won't
work out she tried to erase her heart
with a workout treadmill mentality she
just ran in place she lost custody they
lost his composure he lost his grip on
reality we lost the ability to be sober
she calling out baby whenever she sees
her son's features in the eyes and a man
between her legs he call him to God and
get rid of the demons in his hand he
running in place tripping she lost in
the empty embrace slipping their sons
prize and the tears in their eyes are
any different